Add release notes for 3.14.0-rc1 (#3685)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Release_Notes/topics/foreman-contributors.adoc

> We'd like to thank the following people who contributed to the Foreman {{page.version}} release:

Reviewer: This looks like the macro from `theforeman.org` repo.
```suggestion
We'd like to thank the following people who contributed to the Foreman {ProjectVersion} release:
```

Adam Lazik,
Adam Růžička,
Aneta Šteflová Petrová,
Archana Kumari,
Bastian Schmidt,
Ben Erickson,
Bernhard Suttner,
Brenden Wood,
Chris Roberts,
Cole Higgins,
Eric Helms,
Evgeni Golov,
Ewoud Kohl van Wijngaarden,
Francesco Di Nucci,
Gaurav Talreja,
Girija Soni,
Hao Yu,
Ian Ballou,
Jan Löser,
Jeremy Lenz,
Leos Stejskal,
Lucy Fu,
Maria Agaphontzev,
Markus Bucher,
Markus Reisner,
Martin Alfke,
Martin Spiessl,
Matthew Davis,
Maximilian Kolb,
Nadja Heitmann,
Nofar Alfassi,
Oleh Fedorenko,
Partha Aji,
Patrick Creech,
PopiBrossard,
Samir Jha,
Sayan Das,
Shimon Shtein,
Takashi Kajinami,
Tim Meusel,
VHS,

> akumari,

Reviewer: This is redundant because Archana is already listed. This was also an issue with 3.13. https://github.com/theforeman/theforeman.org/pull/2218 fixes the script.

dosas,

> girijaasoni

Reviewer: Girija is also already listed
